The best BEU of its time and still enjoyable but has some basic flaws in its gameplay and AI (you can beat the computer just by using the low kick over and over). Very good but dated.
Best Tekken game.
Just great. but still number 4 is better. roll on number 5!!!!!!
Tekken 2 isn't perfect, although it sure comes close. As it stands, it's one of the best fighters available for the PlayStation. If you like fighting games at all, you will love Tekken 2. The graphics and fluent character movement will amaze
This game is amazing for it's time, even though some of the music is rehashed it's so good that i don't care. The fighting is so complex, but not impossible to learn (i played it the first time as a five year old). A lot happended since the first one, a lot of new modes like team play, survival, time attack and practice with combolists. Many new characters and character endings,
Tekken 2 is a good game and a improvement to tekken 1. It had great characters, great graphic and the gameplay was also very good. Of course now its outdated but back then it was a good fighting game.
It's not a game you'd want to be playing now there's superior versions in the form of Tekken 5 (gameplay and graphics) and Tekken Tag 2 (which is coming out very soon and featuring tons of old characters) but Tekken 2 manages to remain a fun fighting game with the great stories, the colourful stages, the incredibly catchy music and the overall feel of it. It's definitely not perfe
Anybody who is a fan of fighting games needs to pick this up. This is one of the best Tekken games and really should not be overlooked for 3D fighting games.
One of the best Tekken classic in the history,fun arcade mode,very easy characters to control and master,great soundtrack.Its no Tekken 3 not even close but the reason why i gave it a 9 cause its the first Tekken game i played and the reason why im a fan of the franchise,probably you won't find any fighting game better than Tekken,its definately the king of fighting games and had s
